[Joy] Add `Select` component (#33630)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/menu/menu.md

{{"demo": "MenuListComposition.js"}}

## Debugging

> To keep the listbox open for inspecting elements, you can enable the `Emulate a focused page` option from the [Chrome DevTool Rendering](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/rendering/apply-effects/#emulate-a-focused-page) tab. You can also access this option by using [command menu and search for it](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/command-menu/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep the list box open for inspecting elements, enable the `Emulate a focused page` option from the [Chrome DevTool Rendering](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/rendering/apply-effects/#emulate-a-focused-page) tab. 
You can also access this option by using [command menu and search for it](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/command-menu/).
```
